1)	Write a program to accept two numbers from user and print the sum of 2 numbers.

Expected output like below
Enter the first number20
Enter the second number30
Sum of a and b is 50


2)	Write a Program that accept first name and last name from user and returns the full name joining first and last names with a space in between.

Expected output like below


Enter the first nameMark
Enter the last nameLutz
Mark Lutz


3)	Write a Program that accepts a string and returns the capitalized(ony first becomes upper case) copy of it.

Hint: use string methods

Expected output like below

Enter any stringpython is good
Python is good



4)	Write a Program that accepts a main string and old sub string and a new sub string all as inputs from the user and returns a new string by replacing only first 2 occurrences of the old with the new sub string.
Hint: use string methods

Expected output like below

Enter the main stringPython’s standard library is very extensive, offering a wide range of facilities as indicated by the long table of contents listed below. The library contains built-in modules (written in C) that provide access to system functionality such as file I/O that would otherwise be inaccessible to Python programmers, as well as modules written in Python that provide standardized solutions for many problems that occur in everyday programming. Some of these modules are explicitly designed to encourage and enhance the portability of Python programs by abstracting away platform-specifics into platform-neutral APIs.
Enter the old sub stringPython
Enter the new sub stringJava
Java’s standard library is very extensive, offering a wide range of facilities as indicated by the long table of contents listed below. The library contains built-in modules (written in C) that provide access to system functionality such as file I/O that would otherwise be inaccessible to Java programmers, as well as modules written in Python that provide standardized solutions for many problems that occur in everyday programming. Some of these modules are explicitly designed to encourage and enhance the portability of Python programs by abstracting away platform-specifics into platform-neutral APIs.


5)	Write a Program that declares variable country with value Pakistan and returns a new string Afghanistan.

	First find the starting index of istan substring in Pakistan and
	Extract that istan slice from country variable and reassign it to the same variable by joining with “Afghan” string

Expected Output:
Afghanistan
